improve(docs): Add guide for installing Infra with k0s (#1967)
infrahq/infra: docs/install-infra-on-k0s.md

# Installing k0s with Infra

> Getting k0s to work with Infra requires a few extra steps to get working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting k0s to work with Infra requires a few extra steps.
```

Out of the box, k0s does not include a load balancer or persistent storage
which are required to run Infra.

We'll install:
  * [Metallb](https://docs.k0sproject.io/head/examples/metallb-loadbalancer/)
  * [OpenEBS](https://docs.k0sproject.io/head/storage/)

This guide assumes that you've already installed the Infra CLI. You

> can check out the [Quickstart guide](https://infrahq.com/docs/getting-started/quickstart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can check out [this guide](https://github.com/infrahq/infra/blob/main/docs/install/install-infra-cli.md)
```

which contains directions on how to install the CLI.

> ### 1. Download k0s

Reviewer: We should just link to the k0s guide here rather than re-iterating their install steps, that way we don't get out of sync:
https://docs.k0sproject.io/v1.21.2+k0s.1/install/

Author: The problem is there are some non-quickstart steps that need to be done first unfortunately. Since we'll post this in the discussion forum for now, I think it will probably be fine.

```

### 5. Export a kubeconfig

`sudo k0s kubectl view --raw`

Save this into `~/.kube/config` (make sure you're not writing over an existing kube config) and you can now
use `kubectl` directly. You'll need to do this to work with Infra.

### 6. Install the Metallb load balancer

```
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/metallb/metallb/v0.10.2/manifests/namespace.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/metallb/metallb/v0.10.2/manifests/metallb.yaml
```

### 7. Create a ConfigMap to set up your IP address pool

Create the file `metallb-configmap.yaml` which looks something like:
```
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  namespace: metallb-system
  name: config
data:
  config: |
    address-pools:
    - name: default
      protocol: layer2
      addresses:
      - <ip-address-range-start>-<ip-address-range-stop>
```

You can use private IP addresses in the IP Address range fields, but you'll need to make certain that any IP addresses are routed correctly.
For example, if your network is using `192.168.1.1` to `192.168.1.254`, you can pick a small range of IPs inside of that network

> (make certain that your router isn't handing those IP addresses out with DHCP).

Reviewer: How can I make check this?

Author: Added a note about `netstat -rn` and `route -n`.

Once you've created the file, apply it with:

`kubectl apply -f metallb-configmap.yaml`

### 8. Create an OpenEBS configuration file for Infra

This is a simple file which tells Kubernetes to use OpenEBS which we configured earlier.
We'll call this file `openebs-persistence.yaml`.

```
---
server:
  persistence:
    className: openebs-hostpath
```

> ### 9. Deploy Infra

Reviewer: Should we make this a separate section? Just an idea.

Ex: 
```
# Configuring k0s
## Install k0s
...
# Deploying Infra
## Install Infra
```
